Updated "Other" (#28)
PHS-TSA/webmaster-23-24: src/content/other/led-lights.mdx

---
title: LED Lights
description: LED lights use 90% less energy than traditional light bulbs
sectionHeader: LED Lights
---

> In the past 15 years or so LED lights have nearly replaced traditional light bulbs. 
> This is due to a couple of big factors. 
> To start, LED lights use 90% less energy than traditional light bulbs and last 25x longer! By using less energy you reduce your carbon emissions. 
> In most cases, they're the same price as traditional light bulbs so by not buying them you're basically losing money.
> In conclusion, if you haven't invested in LED light bulbs yet they're definitely worthwhile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the past 15 years or so, LED lights have nearly replaced traditional light bulbs due to a few factors. 
To start, LED lights use 90% less energy than traditional light bulbs and last 25x longer!
By switching to LED lights, you'd use less energy, which directly corresponds to a reduction in your carbon emissions. 
In most cases, they're the same price as traditional light bulbs, so by not buying them, you're losing money because traditional light bulbs need to get replaced more often.
In conclusion, if you haven't invested in LED light bulbs yet, you should definitely look into them; they're worthwhile.
```
